So this is cool, I think it's cool, but
we could make this a bit better, I think.
There's a problem here with our code,
looking at our code here in index.html.
Here we're relying on
unpackage to never go down or
to not move something or
to delete something.
Basically, we've entrusted the health
of our website to a third party which
is not a good thing, right?
Actually know the person
who works on a package, but
you probably don't know the person
that works on package, right?
How much do you trust them you probably
had never heard of them until right now,
so maybe not very much.
So, I'm gonna show you how to build
your own projects very quickly.
So instead of including this,
we'll just include file.
So, I'm gonna need you now,
actually coming back here, to go to here.
If you have not installed node,
we're not actually going to use node,
but we're gonna use node
to build our project.
This link here will
take you to nodejs.org,
you can download a version of Java's or
of Nodejs.
I'm gonna be on node 16 as long as you're
above like node 12, probably okay,
like 14, 16 will be good.
Okay, that might take you a little
bit some of you probably already have
installed.
If you're watching the video just pause
me, go install it and then come back.
And then we're gonna do a little bit
here just a tiny bit of stuff in
the command line.
I have a whole course in front of masters
that I would suggest taking after this.
If you're not familiar at the command
line, we'll actually go in depth and
teach you it.
It's called the complete intro
to Linux and the command line.
It'll teach you all these kinds of things.
We're just gonna do like the most
bare bones little bit of it.
So once you have node installed, I want
you to open your project
here in the command line.
I think with Mac, you can literally
just drag it on there, let me try.
There we go, so mine's on desktop/motion.
Yours might not look like this, so I'll
make this much bigger so you can see it,
but all the command line is it's little
client that lets you navigate around.
If you're on Windows, you'll have to use
something like PowerShell, probably.
Which will work fairly similarly, and
then Mac you can just open
the terminal application here.
Okay, so I'm on motion, And,
We're just gonna make this
as simple as possible.
I'm gonna say npm, which stands for
node package manager,
install --global parcel.
Parcel is the name of the tool they'll
actually build our project for us.
Try doing that, you'll see something
that should look like this.
Should take a little bit probably, okay,
so now I have a tool called parcel.
And I'm just gonna say parcel which is
now a tool that I've installed, and
I'm just gonna say index.html,
which is the name of the file that you and
I were building, right?
Okay, now this is building a project for
us.
So notice I say it's running at localhost
: 1234, so you can just copy that.
And come over to your browser and
just paste that in there.
So you can see I have the same website but
instead of notice here,
same website I have file, right?
This is actually running from a little
tiny server hosted inside of my computer.
So, as opposed to having like a server
hosted out in Amazon or Digital Ocean, or
something like that,
my server is hosted inside of my computer.
So my computer is both the client and
the servers, local development, right?
Cool, Now instead of saying here
in animation.js,
just add one more line at the top here,
say const: popmotion=require(popmotion).
So, you're gonna come in and
you're gonna delete this script, and
the other thing you have to come in you
have to tell parcel kind of code this is.
And it's gonna be modular codes,
have to say type=module.
Okay, you're gonna be getting
an error over here says, hey,
I don't know what popmotion is,
we have to go install it.
So, the next thing you're gonna do is you
can say, Ctrl+C, it will stop your server.
So this will stop my server and
back to my thing here.
And I'm gonna say npm install popmotion,
and let's keep it to version 11,
so just a pop motion@11, cuz that's
what we were using before, right?
As of the filming of this, that's the most
current version of popmotion, but
if you watch this, a year from now
they might have have 12 or 13 out,
which might work differently.
Okay, now I'm gonna say
parcel index.html here again.
And if I refresh my page here,
now this still works,
right, but where is the code coming from?
Where is popmotion?
Well, if you look here, when you said npm
install, you created this thing called
node modules, and inside of here,
you can see that you have a few libraries.
Most importantly,
popmotion is coming from here.
So, when you say here in your code
require popmotion, this is going and
grabbing popmotion out of your node
modules so that you can use it.
You now have a superpower that you
can go get any open source library.
All you have to say is npm install,
react, right.
And all of sudden react is available for
you to use and
all of your code, or
popmotion or momentJS or
the entire myriad of things that
JavaScript developers have created.
This is kind of unlocking your next
step for you that you can go and
create new projects with frameworks and
libraries.
Any questions about this?
You'll notice this did create
a bunch of stuff for you.
It creates a package.json,
it creates a package lock,
it creates a node modules, and
then parcel creates parcel cash and
a bunch of other stuff for you,
that's all fine that's very expected.
And then the last thing I
wanted to show you here,
if we look here now in our console,
we wanna look in the network,
that refresh here.
Notice, I have this like index.64,
thing I got,
this is actually the built Javascript
that's being sent down to your computer.
And if I look at the response here,
This is all of your code.
Notice how much code is here, right, it's
absolutely wild how much code is here.
This is all of your code.
Most of this is just popmotion cuz
popmotions are fairly large library, but
your code I think is probably
right there at the bottom.
It's gonna be pretty close to the bottom.
Well, maybe it's in here somewhere,
anyway, your code is somewhere in here,
right, but
it's enough that this is all able to work.
Cool, that's all I wanna
show you about that.
I just wanted you to be unblocked,
if you wanted to go and
install something like react.
If you're interested in stuff like that,
there's tons of front of masters
courses on React, Angular, View, Ember,
all sorts of other really fun stuff, and
basically all of them use this process.
Okay, So,
yeah, I actually list some of
these down here at the bottom.
Complete intro to React, so you wanna
get started with you wanna React.
There's View by Sarah,
there's Angular with Lucas.
And then if you wanna do something like
data visualization, there's currently one
out by surely, but there's one coming
out next week by Angela, okay, cool.
Yeah, so check out that one by Angela
cuz I'm sure by the time this one's
out that one will be released.